capital = 43

oob = "HUN"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		set_air_oob = "HUN_air_bba"
		set_technology = {
			iw_small_airframe = 1
			engines_1 = 1
			early_bombs = 1
		}
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "HUN_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			CAS1 = 1
		}
	}
}

set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.7
set_war_support = 0.6

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_recon = 1
	gw_artillery = 1

	fuel_silos = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = {
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"
		}
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
		
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "WM-16"
		type = small_plane_cas_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = bomb_locks
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
	}
}

add_ideas = {
	Austria-Hungary
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = despot
	last_election = "1935.3.31"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	despot = 100
}

recruit_character = HUN_iv_karoly
recruit_character = HUN_miklos_horthy
recruit_character = HUN_arpad_szakasits
recruit_character = HUN_geza_lakatos
recruit_character = HUN_ivan_hindy
recruit_character = HUN_karoly_beregfy
recruit_character = HUN_lajos_veress
recruit_character = HUN_ferenc_feketehalmyczeydner
recruit_character = HUN_francois_deak
recruit_character = HUN_gyorgy_jendrassik
recruit_character = HUN_jeno_ratz
recruit_character = HUN_henrik_werth
recruit_character = HUN_hugo_sonyi
recruit_character = HUN_ferenc_szombathelyi
recruit_character = HUN_gusztav_jany
recruit_character = HUN_dezso_laszlo
recruit_character = HUN_reszo_kastner
recruit_character = HUN_shvoy_kalman
recruit_character = HUN_sandor_magyarossy
recruit_character = HUN_bela_rakosi
recruit_character = HUN_kalman_kanya
recruit_character = HUN_vilmos_roder
recruit_character = HUN_zoltan_tildy
recruit_character = HUN_kalman_daranyi
recruit_character = HUN_lajos_remenyi_schneller
recruit_character = HUN_franz_friedrich