capital = 439

oob = "IND"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		set_air_oob = "IND_air_bba"
		set_technology = {
			aa_lmg = 1
			engines_1 = 1
			aircraft_construction = 1
			iw_small_airframe = 1
		}
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "IND_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			CAS1 = 1
			early_fighter = 1
		}
	}
}

set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.1
# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Together for Victory"
	}
	recruit_character = IND_lakshmi_sahgal
	recruit_character = IND_orde_wingate
	recruit_character = IND_kodandera_madappa_cariappa
	recruit_character = IND_kodandera_subayya_thimayya
	recruit_character = IND_jayanto_nath_chaudhuri
}


if = {
	limit = {
		not = { has_dlc =  "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		transport = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Battle for the Bosporus"
	}
	set_technology = { camelry = 1 }
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Together for Victory" }

	add_ideas = {
		IND_princely_states
		IND_marginalized_muslim_community
		IND_agrarian_society
		IND_risk_of_famine
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
	}
}

set_convoys = 20

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = despot
	last_election = "1935.11.14"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	despot = 100
}

recruit_character = IND_lord_linlithgow
recruit_character = IND_p_krishna_pillai
recruit_character = IND_b_p_sitaramayya
recruit_character = IND_noel_beresfordpeirse
recruit_character = IND_frank_messervy
recruit_character = IND_douglas_gracey
recruit_character = IND_herbert_fitzherbert
recruit_character = IND_w_h_gould_bradford
recruit_character = IND_william_e_parry
recruit_character = IND_mohan_singh
recruit_character = IND_mehar_singh
recruit_character = IND_reginald_savory
recruit_character = IND_bruce_w_mcpherson
recruit_character = IND_aspy_merwan_engineer
recruit_character = IND_arjan_singh_vibhusan
recruit_character = IND_subroto_mukherjee
recruit_character = IND_arthur_a_barrett
recruit_character = IND_bhaskar_soman
recruit_character = IND_rajendra_prasad
recruit_character = IND_ravindra_darshan_singh
recruit_character = IND_ram_dass_katari
recruit_character = IND_archibald_wavell
recruit_character = IND_louis_mountbatten
recruit_character = IND_kodandera_cariappa
recruit_character = IND_ram_singh_thakur
recruit_character = IND_homi_j_bhabha
recruit_character = IND_bahadur_jayla_of_khoch_bahur
recruit_character = IND_anyang_bhula
recruit_character = IND_john_edward_golightly
recruit_character = IND_bhimrao_ramji_ambedkar
recruit_character = IND_chakravarti_rajagopalachari
recruit_character = IND_karam_singh_mann
recruit_character = IND_agha_khan_iii
recruit_character = IND_subhas_chanda_bose
recruit_character = IND_mahatma_mohandas_gandhi
recruit_character = IND_sir_mohammed_iqbal
recruit_character = IND_john_mathai


if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Noor Inayat Khan"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_noor_inayat_khan
		traits = {  }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		female = yes
		nationalities = { IND }
	}
}
