capital = 10

oob = "POL"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		set_air_oob = "POL_air_bba"
		set_technology = {
			aa_lmg = 1
			aa_cannon_1 = 1
			iw_small_airframe = 1
			basic_small_airframe = 1
			engines_1 = 1
			early_bombs = 1
		}
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "POL_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			early_bomber = 1
			CAS1 = 1
		}
	}
}

set_research_slots = 3

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_submarine = 1	
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
	}
}

add_ideas = {

	#laws
	limited_conscription
	partial_economic_mobilisation
}

set_convoys = 10

set_popularities = {
	despot = 100
}

recruit_character = POL_ignacy_moscicki
recruit_character = POL_wladyslaw_sikorski
recruit_character = POL_boleslaw_wieniawa_glugoszowski
recruit_character = POL_wladyslaw_gomulka
recruit_character = POL_maria_koszutska
recruit_character = POL_stanislaw_mikolajczyk
recruit_character = POL_wincenty_witos
recruit_character = POL_wladyslaw_raczkiewicz
recruit_character = POL_boleslaw_piasecki
recruit_character = POL_edward_rydzsmigly
recruit_character = POL_wladyslaw_bortnowski
recruit_character = POL_stanislaw_kopanski
recruit_character = POL_marian_kukiel
recruit_character = POL_jozef_haller
recruit_character = POL_stanislaw_sosabowski
recruit_character = POL_lucjan_zeligowski
recruit_character = POL_kazimierz_sosnkowski
recruit_character = POL_tadeusz_kutrzeba
recruit_character = POL_wladyslaw_anders
recruit_character = POL_roman_abraham
recruit_character = POL_wincenty_kowalski
recruit_character = POL_stefan_frankowski
recruit_character = POL_karol_korytowski
recruit_character = POL_jozef_unrug
recruit_character = POL_xawery_czernicki
recruit_character = POL_jozef_zajac
recruit_character = POL_ludomil_rayski
recruit_character = POL_stanislaw_pawluc
recruit_character = POL_stanislav_maczek
recruit_character = POL_wladyslaw_kalkus
recruit_character = POL_kazimierz_switalski
recruit_character = POL_wanda_wasilewska
recruit_character = POL_tomislaw_lupaszko
recruit_character = POL_zygmunt_buhusz_szysko
recruit_character = POL_roman_dmowski
recruit_character = POL_witold_pilecki
recruit_character = POL_irena_anders
recruit_character = POL_mieczyslaw_michalowicz
recruit_character = POL_boleslaw_bierut
recruit_character = POL_edward_osobka_morawski
recruit_character = POL_jozef_beck
recruit_character = POL_zdzislaw_lubomirski
recruit_character = POL_aleksander_kakowski
recruit_character = POL_stanislaw_radkiewicz
recruit_character = POL_jan_kowalewski
recruit_character = POL_eugeniusz_kwiatkowiski
recruit_character = POL_marian_rejewski
recruit_character = POL_jerzy_rutkowski
recruit_character = POL_karl_albrecht
recruit_character = POL_pavel_bermondt_avalov
recruit_character = POL_anna_andersson
recruit_character = POL_friedrich_christian
recruit_character = POL_rudinger_von_der_goltz
recruit_character = POL_vladislav_korchits
recruit_character = POL_wojtek

create_corps_commander = {
	name = "Wincenty Kowalski"
	gfx = "GFX_POL_wincenty_kowalski"
	traits = { trickster }
	skill = 3
	attack_skill = 3
	defense_skill = 2
	planning_skill = 2
	logistics_skill = 3
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Roman Czerniawski"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_roman_czerniawski
		traits = { }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { POL }
	}

	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Krystyna Skarbek"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_krystyna_skarbek
		traits = { operative_commando operative_seducer }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		female = yes
		nationalities = { POL }
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = {
			has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "PZL P.24"
		type = fighter_equipment_0
		upgrades = {
			plane_gun_upgrade = 3
			plane_range_upgrade = 0  
			plane_engine_upgrade = 1
			plane_reliability_upgrade = 3
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "PZL P.11"
		type = small_plane_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_4x
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "PZL P.24"
		type = small_plane_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = aircraft_cannon_1_2x
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = light_mg_2x
			engine_type_slot = engine_2_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "PZL P.23"
		type = small_plane_cas_airframe_1
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = bomb_locks
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret
		}
	}
}
