capital = 3

oob = "SWI"

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		set_air_oob = "SWI_air_bba"
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "SWI_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			CAS1 = 1
		}
	}
}

set_research_slots = 3

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = liberal
	last_election = "1935.10.27"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	social_democrat = 30
	liberal = 35
	conservative = 34
	authoritarian_socialist = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	neutrality_idea	
	limited_conscription
}

set_stability = 0.85

recruit_character = SWI_federal_council
recruit_character = SWI_fritz_platten
recruit_character = SWI_henri_guisan
recruit_character = SWI_j_d_de_montenach
recruit_character = SWI_jean_de_muralt
recruit_character = SWI_hans_oehler
recruit_character = SWI_ernst_laur
recruit_character = SWI_etienne_primault
recruit_character = SWI_hans_peter_bichsel_sohn
recruit_character = SWI_werner_jenni
recruit_character = SWI_rene_von_graffenried
recruit_character = SWI_eugen_bircher
recruit_character = SWI_oskar_bider
recruit_character = SWI_hermann_hessel_lorenz
recruit_character = SWI_johann_august_sutter
recruit_character = SWI_carl_jacob_burckhardt
recruit_character = SWI_johannes_baumann
recruit_character = SWI_roger_masson
recruit_character = SWI_giuseppe_motta
recruit_character = SWI_ernst_wetter